Update image-optimization.md (#31401)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

Alternatively, you can import a [global stylesheet](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support#adding-a-global-stylesheet) and manually set the `className` prop to the same name used in the global stylesheet.

> You cannot use [styled-jsx](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support#css-in-js) because its scoped to the current component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use [styled-jsx](/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md#css-in-js) because it's scoped to the current component.
```

Reviewer: The .md is to allow viewing links on GitHub (raw Markdown files) as well.
